“We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.” — Albert Einstein
“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” — Mark Twain
“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.” — Norman Vincent Peale
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. — Walter Anderson
“Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.” — Diane McLaren
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." — Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” — Dale Carnegie
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." — Calvin Coolidge
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” — Mister Rogers
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” — John Wooden
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” — Estée Lauder
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.” ― W. P. Kinsella
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." — Winston Churchill
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” — Will Rogers
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” — Unknown
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” — Steve Jobs
“Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.” ― Vernon Sanders Law
“To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.” — Dorothy West
“Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future.” — Tony Robbins
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. “ — Alexander Graham Bell
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” — Jim Rohn
“I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.” — Thomas Jefferson
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” — Thomas Edison
“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.” — Steve Jobs
“It’s not about better time management. It’s about better life management” — Alexandra of The Productivity Zone
“We don’t just sit around and wait for other people. We just make, and we do.” — Arlan Hamilton
“He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.” — Confucius
“Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.” – Albert Einstein
“One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.” – Benjamin Disraeli
“A man who has committed a mistake and doesn’t correct it is committing another mistake.” – Confucius Kongzi
“The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.” – Dale Carnegie
“A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.” – David Brinkley
“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.” – Epictetus
“You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.” — George Lorimer
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” — Nelson Mandela
“The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.” — Amelia Earhart
“You’ll find that education is just about the only thing lying around loose in this world, and it’s about the only thing a fellow can have as much of as he’s willing to haul away.” — John Graham
“It is remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid, instead of trying to be very intelligent.” — Charlie Munger
“You can’t be that kid standing at the top of the water slide, overthinking it. You have to go down the chute.” — Tina Fey
“And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” — Anaïs Nin
“The standard you walk past, is the standard you accept.” — David Hurley
“Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” ― Winston Churchill
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” — Vince Lombardi
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” — Helen Keller
“The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” — Joe Girard
“Be a positive energy trampoline – absorb what you need and rebound more back.” — Dave Carolan
“People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.” — Zig Ziglar
“Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.” — Unknown
“I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.” — Oscar Wilde
“Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.” — Tom Lehrer
“I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific.” — Lily Tomlin
“Individual commitment to a group effort—that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work.” — Vince Lombardi
“Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organisational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.” — Andrew Carnegie
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” — Henry Ford
“Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.” — Helen Keller
“Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability.” — Patrick Lencioni
“I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.” — Jean-Francois Cope
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” — Dalai Lama
“Opportunities don't happen, you create them.” — Chris Grosser
“Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.” — Gary Vaynerchuk
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” — George Eliot
“Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality” — Les Brown
“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” — Stephen R. Covey
“Do the best you can. No one can do more than that.” ― John Wooden
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
“The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.” — William James
“One of the differences between some successful and unsuccessful people is that one group is full of doers, while the other is full of wishers.” — Edmond Mbiaka
“I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.” — Lucille Ball
"You cannot plow a field by turning it over in your mind. To begin, begin." ― Gordon B. Hinckley
“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love...” – Marcus Aurelius
“Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!“ – David Dweck
“Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life.” – Germany Kent
“Friday sees more smiles than any other day of the workweek!” — Kate Summers
“Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week. In a worthy moment of peace and bliss.” — S. O’Sade
“Every Friday, I like to high five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humour.” — Nanea Hoffman
“Make a Friday a day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of knowing that you just didn’t put in time to the next paycheck.” — Byron Pulsifer
“When you leave work on Friday, leave work. Don’t let technology follow you throughout your weekend (answering text messages and emails) take a break you will be more refreshed to begin the workweek if you have had a break.” — Catherine Pulsifer
“You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.” — Zig Ziglar
“Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working.” — Pablo Picasso
“Don't settle for average. Bring your best to the moment. Then, whether it fails or succeeds, at least you know you gave all you had.” — Angela Bassett
“Show up, show up, show up, and after a while the muse shows up, too.” — Isabel Allende
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. Aim for the company of immortals.” ― David Ogilvy
“I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.” — Barbara Elaine Smith
“If you believe something needs to exist, if it's something you want to use yourself, don't let anyone ever stop you from doing it.” — Tobias Lütke
“Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance.” ― Anne Lamott
“Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.” — Warren Buffet
“True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline.” ― Mortimer J. Adler
“Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” ― A.A. Milne
“There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.” ― Martha Graham
“Small is not just a stepping-stone. Small is a great destination itself.” ― Jason Fried
“The only one who can tell you "you can’t win" is you and you don’t have to listen.” — Jessica Ennis
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.” — Bo Jackson
“Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don’t settle for them.” — Mia Hamm
“Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact: Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you. And you can change it, you can influence it… Once you learn that, you'll never be the same again.” — Steve Jobs
“If you can't yet do great things, do small things in a great way.” ― Napoleon Hill
“If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.” ― Jim Rohn
“Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“Live out of your imagination, not your history.” — Stephen Covey
“The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.” ― Epicurus
“Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow." — Mary Anne Radmacher
“If the decisions you make about where you invest your blood, sweat, and tears are not consistent with the person you aspire to be, you’ll never become that person.” ― Clayton M. Christensen
“Fear of what other people will think is the single most paralysing dynamic in business and in life. The best moment of my life was the day I realised that I no longer give a damn what anybody thinks. That’s enormously liberating and freeing, and it’s the only way to live your life and do your business” — Cindy Gallop
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.” ― Arthur C. Clarke
"Worry is a misuse of imagination." — Unknown
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.” ― Maya Angelou
"I never look back, darling. It distracts from the now." — Edna Mode
"A year from now you will wish you had started today." — Unknown
"The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel." — Steve Furtick
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” — Carl Sagan
“I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself.” — Arianna Huffington
“If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.” — Erica Jong
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” — Henry Ford
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” — Confucius
“If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.” — Wayne Dyer
“I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been given a no. Only to find that a better, brighter, bigger yes was right around the corner.” — Arlan Hamilton
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” — Ariana Huffington
“When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.” — Henry Ford
“You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside.” — Wayne Dyer
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” — Aristotle
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” — Arthur Ashe
“Hustle beats talent when talent doesn’t hustle” – Ross Simmonds
“Everything you've ever wanted is sitting on the other side of fear.” — George Addair
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.” — Ayn Rand
“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” — Babe Ruth
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” — Thomas A. Edison
“Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once.” — Drew Houston
“You carry the passport to your own happiness.” — Diane von Furstenberg
“Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.” — Drake
“Ideation without execution is delusion.” — Robin Sharma
“Make sure your worst enemy doesn’t live between your own two ears.” — Laird Hamilton
“It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.” — Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“For the great doesn’t happen through impulse alone, and is a succession of little things that are brought together.” — Vincent van Gogh
“If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves.” — Maria Edgeworth
“Resilience is when you address uncertainty with flexibility.” — Unknown
“Sometimes magic is just someone spending more time on something than anyone else might reasonably expect.” — Raymond Joseph Teller
“It’s not the will to win that matters—everyone has that. It’s the will to prepare to win that matters.” — Paul Bryant
“As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.” — Henry David Thoreau
“Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.” — Earl Nightingale
“True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.” — Unknown
“The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.” – Mark Twain
“Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.” – Pema Chodron
“We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.” – Bruce Lee
“First forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you're inspired or not. Habit will help you finish and polish your stories. Inspiration won't. Habit is persistence in practice.” ― Octavia Butler
“The best way out is always through.” ― Robert Frost
“The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself—the invisible, inevitable battles inside all of us—that's where it's at." — Jesse Owens
“If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” — Frederick Douglass
“Someone will declare, “I am the leader!” and expect everyone to get in line and follow him or her to the gates of heaven or hell. My experience is that it doesn’t happen that way. Others follow you based on the quality of your actions rather than the magnitude of your declarations.” ― Bill Walsh
“Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it by use.” — Ruth Gordo
“Relentlessly prune bullshit, don't wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have. That's what you do when life is short.” — Paul Graham
“More is lost by indecision than wrong decision.” — Marcus Tullius Cicero
“If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.“ — Thomas Aquinas
“You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches.“ — Dita Von Teese
“Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.” ― Cormac McCarthy
“You’ll never get bored when you try something new. There’s really no limit to what you can do.“ — Dr. Seuss
“I think it’s intoxicating when somebody is so unapologetically who they are.” — Don Cheadle
“You can never leave footprints that last if you are always walking on tiptoe.” — Leymah Gbowee
“If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.” — Childish Gambino
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.” — Jane Goodall
“In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.” — Coco Chanel
“A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence.” — Sonia Sotomayor
“Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.” — Jennifer Lopez
“No one changes the world who isn’t obsessed.” — Billie Jean King
“I learned a long time ago that there is something worse than missing the goal, and that’s not pulling the trigger.” — Mia Hamm
“Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.” — Michael Jordan
“Friends are the family we choose.” — Jennifer Aniston
“Kindness is one thing you can’t give away. It always comes back.” — George Skolsky
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.“ ― Roy T. Bennett
“Try to be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.” — Maya Angelou
“Sometimes, when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place.“ — Unknown
“Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.” — Ruth Bader Ginsburg
“Happiness is not by chance but by choice.“ — Jim Rohn
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible.’” — Audrey Hepburn
“It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humour in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.“ – Betty White
“Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.“ – Willie Nelson
“Positive anything is better than negative nothing.“ – Elbert Hubbard
“Each day comes bearing its gifts. Untie the ribbon.” — Ann Ruth Schabacker
“A dead end is just a good place to turn around.” — Naomi Judd
“In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.” — Les Brown
“Even miracles take a little time” — The Fairy Godmother, Cinderella
“Just keep swimming” — Dory, Finding Nemo
“It’s a whole lot more satisfying to reach for the stars, even if you end up landing only on the moon.” — Kermit the Frog, The Muppets
“Always let your conscience be your guide.” — Jiminy Cricket, Pinocchio
“If it wasn’t hard, everyone would do it. It’s the hard that makes it great.” — Tom Hanks
“Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.“ — Colin Powell
“Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.“ — William James
“One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn’t pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.” – Lucille Ball
“Say something positive, and you’ll see something positive.“ – Jim Thompson
“Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.“ – Dali Lama
“Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive good things and good people will be drawn to you.” – Mary Lou Retton
“Be yourself, everyone else is already taken.“ — Oscar Wilde
“Believing you are unworthy of love and belonging—that who you are authentically is a sin or is wrong—is deadly. Who you are is beautiful and amazing.” ― Laverne Cox
“You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.“ ― Stephen King
“Speak your mind, even if your voice shakes.” — Maggie Kuhn
“You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.“ — A.A. Milne
“Find out who you are and do it on purpose.“ — Dolly Parton
“Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.” — Matt Cameron
“You’ll never do a whole lot unless you’re brave enough to try.” — Dolly Parton
“Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.” – Michael Jordan
“Every strike brings me closer to a home run.“ — Babe Ruth
“Life is like a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.“ — Albert Einstein
“Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.“ — Tony Robbins
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.“ — Mae West
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail.” — Nelson Mandela
“Your attitude is critical to success. If you expect things to be difficult, it will always be easier to solve problems, overcome adversity, and have an enthusiastic energy about how you go about and enjoy your work.” – Nick Saban
“You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.” — Joel Osteen
“Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.” — Jon Bon Jovi
“Don’t waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window—or break down a door.” — Brooke Shields
“The key to life when things get tough is to just keep moving. Just keep moving.“ — Tyler Perry
“Life’s battles don’t always go to the stronger or faster man. But sooner or later, the man who wins is the man who thinks he can.” – Vince Lombardi
“The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!” — Dolly Parton
“We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.” — Dolly Parton
“Be so happy that, when other people look at you, they become happy too.“ — Anonymous
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Everything you can imagine is real.” – Pablo Picasso
“Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk but no flowers grow.” – Vincent van Gogh
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow” – Mahatma Gandhi
“It always seems impossible until it's done.” – Nelson Mandela
“The time is always right to do what is right” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” – Aristotle
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one”. – Dolly Parton.
“Live a simple life; you will own the most beautiful treasures of the world!” – Mehmet Murat Ildan
“A simple life gives birth to more clarity, inner peace and meaningful relationships.”  – Margo Vader
“Because you are alive, everything is possible.” – Thich Nhat Hanh
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” – George Bernard Shaw
“Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.” – Henry David Thoreau
“The great thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are going.” – Oliver Wendall Holmes Jr.
“A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.” – William Arthur Ward
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.“ – Leonardo da Vinci
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line.” – Lucille Ball
“Lead from the heart, not the head.” – Princess Diana
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone, and a funny bone.” – Reba McEntire
“Never regret anything you have done with a sincere affection; nothing is lost that is born of the heart.“ – Basil Rathbone
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” – Anaïs Nin
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“Growth begins when we start to accept our own weakness.” – Jean Vanier
“The real difficulty is to overcome how you think about yourself.” – Maya Angelou
“I have never been hurt by what I have not said.” – Calvin Coolidge
“Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right.” – Henry Ford
“Decisions without actions are worthless.” – W. Clement Stone
“Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.” – James Dean
“Oh, the things you can find, if you don’t stay behind.” – Dr. Seuss
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything.” – Mark Twain
“I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it.” – Lil Wayne
“To live will be an awfully big adventure.” – Peter Pan
“Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.” – Drake
“It hurt because it mattered.“ – John Green
“I have nothing to lose but something to gain.” – Eminem
“A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world.” – Atticus
“Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.” – Rumi
“Whatever you do, do it well”. – Walt Disney
“Every moment is a fresh beginning.” – T.S. Eliot
“If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napoleon Hill
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.” – Oscar Wilde
“The life of wisdom must be a life of contemplation combined with action.” – Scott Peck
“May the clouds in your life be only a background for a lovely sunset.” – Irish Saying
“Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.” – Amit Ray
“Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little.” – Marguerite Gardiner
“The simplest things are often the truest.” – Richard Bach
“Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.” – Albert Schweitzer
“The biggest asset in the world is your mindset.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Learn to live with less so that you appreciate more.” – James Ryan
“We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.” – Anne Frank
“Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.” – Dalai Lama
“Learning is a weightless treasure you can always carry easily.” – Chinese Proverb
“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.” – Michael Jordan
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.” – Johnny Depp
“Change the world by being yourself.” – Amy Poehler
“Tomorrow is now.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Mistakes are proof that you are trying.” – Unknown
“I live a beautiful life with fewer things—simple, yet full.” – Laurie Buchanan, PhD
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” – John Wooden
“Stay hungry, stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs
“What will you do with your one wild and precious life?“ — Mary Oliver
“The best things in life aren't things.“ — Art Buchwald
“The first step in crafting the life you want is to get rid of everything you don't.“ —﻿ Joshua Becker
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.“ — Charles R. Swindoll
“Change your thoughts, and you change your world.”— Norman Vincent Peale
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” — Walt Disney
"Success is a journey not a destination." — Ben Sweetland
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." — Zig Ziglar
“It always seems impossible until it's done.“ — Nelson Mandela
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” — Maya Angelou
“Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.“ — W. Clement Stone
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." — Napoleon Hill
“Success only comes to those who dare to attempt.” — Mallika Tripathi
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” — Estée Lauder
“If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.“ — Milton Berle
“You’ve got to learn to leave the table when love’s no longer being served.” — Nina Simone
“Scarcity of self-value cannot be remedied by money, recognition, affection, attention, or influence.” — Gary Zukav
“Talk to yourself like someone you love.” — Brené Brown
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into place.“ — Lucille Ball
“If you prioritise yourself, you are going to save yourself.” — Gabrielle Union
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” — E.E. Cummings
“You are your best thing.” — Toni Morrison
“By being yourself you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.“ — Edwin Elliot
“I realised that I don’t have to be perfect. All I have to do is show up and enjoy the messy, imperfect, and beautiful journey of my life.” — Kerry Washington
“If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them.” — Bell Hooks
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." — Leo Buscaglia
“Be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.“ — Judy Garland
“For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“There is only one happiness in this life: to love and be loved.” — George Sand
"Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy and keep choosing it every day." — Henri J.M. Nouwen
"Be happy for this moment. This moment in your life." — Omar Khayyam
"If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment." — Carlos Santana
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." — Thich Nhat Hanh
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" — Audrey Hepburn
"If you can dream it, you can do it." — Walt Disney
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist." — Oscar Wilde
"Do something wonderful, people may imitate it." — Albert Schweitzer
"Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." — J.M. Barrie
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." —Winston Churchill
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.” — Leo Tolstoy
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." — George Bernard Shaw
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — C.S. Lewis
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” — Helen Keller
"Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine." — Mario Fernández
“Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist but in the ability to start over.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” — George Eliot
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." — Mahatma Ghandi
“Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the errors that counts.” — Nikki Giovanni
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." — Rabindranath Tagore
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” — Anaïs Nin
“The best way out is always through.” — Robert Frost
“Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes, courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow’.” — Mary Anne Radmacher
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." — Suzy Kassem
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it." — J.M. Barrie
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens." — Mandy Hale
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” — Neil Gaiman
“What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston S. Churchill
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.” — Walter Anderson
"Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim." — Nora Ephron
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” — Oscar Wilde
“Don’t compromise yourself. You’re all you’ve got.” — Janis Joplin
"Follow your heart. Listen to your inner voice. Stop caring about what others think.” — Roy T. Bennett
“You can’t be hesitant about who you are.” — Viola Davis
“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” — William W. Purkey
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” — Marilyn Monroe
“Everything you can imagine is real.” — Pablo Picasso
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” — Theodore Roosevelt
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." — Albert Einstein
“Speak your mind, even if your voice shakes.” — Maggie Kuhn
"Encourage yourself, believe in yourself, and love yourself. Never doubt who you are." — Stephanie Lahart
“The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.” — Trivia Cunningham
“You do not find the happy life. You make it.” — Camilla Eyring Kimball
“Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.” — Hafez
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” — Helen Keller
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” — Unknown
"It is better to travel well than to arrive." — Buddha
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." — Confucius
"Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better." — Albert Einstein
“A problem is a chance for you to do your best.” — Duke Ellington
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” — Muhammad Ali
“Fall 7 times, stand up 8.” — Japanese Proverb
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” — George Lorimer
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." — Robert Frost
“Life is short, and it is here to be lived.” — Kate Winslet
“No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.” — Taylor Swift
“If you risk nothing, then you risk everything.” — Geena Davis
“Don’t waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window — or break down a door.” — Brooke Shields
“The only way to have a life, is to commit to it like crazy.” — Angelina Jolie
“Believe in yourself. Stay in your own lane. There’s only one you.” — Queen Latifah
"Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you." — Jon Bon Jovi
“I was built this way for a reason, so I’m going to use it.” — Simone Biles
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” — Steve Jobs
“A person without regrets is a nincompoop.” — Mia Farrow
“If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving definitely isn’t for you.” — Steven Wright
“Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.” — Harper Lee
“You can’t turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again.” — Bonnie Prudden
“It’s a whole lot more satisfying to reach for the stars, even if you end up landing only on the moon.” — Kermit the Frog
“Be open to learning new lessons, even if they contradict the lessons you learned yesterday.” — Ellen Degeneres
“The sky isn’t the limit — the sky has no limit.” — Sarah Barker
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.” — Andy Warhol
“The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” — Colin R. Davis
"Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present." — Bil Keane
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” — Herman Melville
